.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 11/7/12               \" DATE 
.Dt CVAccessibility 1      \" Program name and manual section number 
.Os CVNetwork
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm CVAccessibility
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line. 
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd Calculate accessibility of complex networks.
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl rhVvqS
.Op Fl l Ar concentriclevel
.Op Fl j Ar jobscount
.Fl i | Ar networkfile 
.Op Ar outputfile
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
is a tool to calculate the
.Ar Accessibility
of complex networks.
.Pp
Options:
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It Fl l  Fl Fl level Ar concentriclevel
Obtain accessibility for concentric level h. (defaults to concentriclevel=3)
.It Fl r  Fl Fl random-walk
Use random-walk dynamics. If not specified, use self-avoiding dynamics.
.It Fl l  Fl Fl live-stream
Stream the output as results are obtained. (note that the results may be out of order)
.It Fl j  Fl Fl parallel-jobs Ar jobscount
Maximum number of parallel jobs for multicore calculation. (defaults to jobscount=8)
.It Fl h  Fl Fl help
Display usage information.
.It Fl V  Fl Fl version
Show version number and quit.
.It Fl v  Fl Fl verbose
Make the calculation more talkative.
.It Fl q  Fl Fl quiet
Don not show calculation progress.
.It Fl S  Fl Fl show-status
Always show calculation progress.
.El
.Pp
Input:
.Bl -tag -width -ident
.It Ar inputnetwork
Path to the network file in .xnet format.
.It Fl i  Fl Fl input-stdin
Uses stdin as input instead of a file.
.It Ar outputfile
Path to output the results. (If not defined, the software will output to stdout)
.El
.Pp
.Sh File Format
Only xnet formatted network files are currently supported as input for
.Nm .
The xnet format is a UTF8 encoded plain text which conforms with the following structure:
.Pp
.nf
	#vertices verticesCount nonweighted|weighted
	#edges nonweighted|weighted undirected|directed
	fromVertex1 toVertex1 [weight]
	fromVertex2 toVertex2 [weight]
	fromVertex3 toVertex3 [weight]
	
.fi
.El
.Sh More Info
See http://cyvision.ifsc.usp.br/Cyvision/Accessibility/
.El